Kr lnvgy (#52)
SUSE/technical-reference-documentation: kubernetes/reference/adoc/IHV/LNVGY/SA-RA-Deployment-Hardware.adoc

The base, starting configuration can reside all within a single {vn_LNVGY} Edge Server. Based upon the relatively small resource requirements for a
ifdef::focusRancher[{pn_Rancher}]
ifdef::focusK3s[{pn_K3s}]
ifdef::focusRKE1[{pn_RKE1}]
ifdef::focusRKE2[{pn_RKE2}]

> deployment, a viable approach is to deploy as a virtual machine (VM) on the target nodes, on top of an existing hypervisor, like KVM. For a physical host, there are tools that can be used during the setup of the server to provision virtual machines, or similar steps can be used to deploy the software stack on the baremetal system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
deployment, a viable approach is to deploy as a virtual machine (VM) on the target nodes, on top of an existing hypervisor, like KVM. For a physical host, there are tools that can be used during the setup of the server to provision virtual machines, or similar steps can be used to deploy the software stack on the bare-metal system.
```
